This is Parliament, a Python module that can be used to build programs which
monitor or moderate parliamentary procedure. Parliament encapsulates logic and
bookkeeping functions common to many parliamentary settings. The module can be
used whether the actual meeting is being held online or offline, in real-time
or asynchronously, via voice or via email. Parliament is intended to be
embedded in a larger application which provides functionality such as chairing
an online meeting, or assisting participants in an offline meeting.

Parliament's central functions keep track of and perform inference about
meeting state. Parliament keeps track of which motions are in progress, the
relationships between them, and the history of the meeting. The client program
is responsible for informing the Parliament module about events as they occur
in the meeting, such as "this person made motion X", or, "motion Y was just
put to a vote and rejected". Parliament answers queries such as "Which motions
are valid at the current time?", or "Which motions have been passed in this
meeting?". Parliament is also capable of answering questions about
hypothetical situations, such as "Which motion is up for debate if this one
passes?"

Parliament is geared towards meetings based on motions, but it is not tied to
any particular set of motions or of parliamentary rules. It allows the user or
developer to specify the parliamentary rules in effect for a given meeting via
a flexible and extensible custom language.

Parliament is provided "as is" with no warranty.  The exact terms under which
you may use and (re)distribute this program are detailed in the GNU General
Public License, in the file COPYING.

See the files AUTHORS and THANKS for a list of authors and other contributors.

See the file INSTALL for installation instructions.

See the file NEWS for a description of major changes in this release.

See the file TODO for ideas on how you could help us improve Parliament.

To report bugs or read about the current status of the project, visit
http://parliament.sourceforge.net/
